---
title: Fairwinds Insights Release Notes
tags: fairwinds insights kubernetes security reliability efficiency docker audit
---

# Release Notes

## 0.7.0
### Admin users can limit cluster access for users
Admins who add a user to an existing Organization can select whether they see all clusters, or specific clusters only. In the future, Admins will also be able to manage namespace access via UI controls.

### Get Slack notifications for new Action Items
Slack is a big part of our user’s day-to-day workflow. We’ve implemented foundational support for Slack notifications for new Action Items generated by Fairwinds Insights. We are seeking early adopters to try the feature so we can shape it in a way that works for multiple teams and user types.

### Visually review configuration differences between workloads in different clusters
For organizations who manage many clusters, keeping them aligned to a common, consistent standard can be time consuming. This is especially true when infrastructure is managed by different teams. We have developed a way to visualize the differences between two clusters so DevOps engineers can troubleshoot infrastructure issues and identify inconsistencies that need to be prioritized for resolution.

### Monitor Add-on versions (requires Helm 3)
Keeping track of the add-ons installed in your cluster, the version you’re using, and whether there are any new updates available, can be manual and time-consuming. We’ve automated this effort by monitoring add-ons and their versions so you can stay on top of changes in the Kubernetes community. This feature requires Helm 3.

### More efficient image scanning
Trivy now runs more efficiently. Instead of scanning all images each time it runs, it will only scan 20 images at a time, with a preference for new images. This helps reduce overall compute overhead required for image scanning.

### Self-hosted
We have also started assessing demand for a self-hosted version of Fairwinds Insights. If you are interested in this capability, please reply to this email or contact us at insights@fairwinds.com.

## 0.6.0
#### Cost metrics improvements
We've made some improvements to the way we report cost. You can now see your cluster's overall
utilization, as well as see potental savings from incorporating Goldilocks recommendations.

#### Action item notes
Action items can now have notes attached to them, to help you keep track of their status,
or record reasons for dismissing them.

#### Report encryption
All reports in Insights are now encrypted by default.

## 0.5.0
#### Cost metrics
We've started estimating cost based on CPU and memory limits and requests. You'll see
a cost estimate for your cluster as a whole (on the Cluster Overview tab) as well as for
each individual workload (so long as resource limits are set).

#### Scan private container images
We've added support for private containers to our Trivy plugin. You'll need to create a secret
with your docker repo credentials. Expand the Helm Chart customization on the cluster settings tab
and check `private images` in the Trivy section to see detailed instructions.

#### Helm chart version updates
We've added a new report type, `release-watcher` which will create an action item when
one of your Helm charts has a new release available. Currently only Helm 3 is supported.

#### Assign action items
To help triage action items, you can now assign them to any user in your organization. Action
items can be assigned individually, or in bulk.

#### Action items links
The URL for pages showing action items will now update when you change the filters or the sort
field. This allows you to easily share links to specific views of the action items page.

#### API key support
You can now interact with the Insights API programmatically using API key authorization.
If you're interested in using the Insights API, get in touch with us at `insights@fairwinds.com`
for more details.

#### Helm install customization
You can now modify the `helm install` command via the UI to alter the set of enabled reports, timeouts,
and schedules. Changes will be persisted, so you'll have the same command the next time you update the agent.

#### User Surveys
To better understand and serve our users, we've added a post-signup survey. The next time you log
in, you'll be asked to provide your name, title, organization, and any feedback you have for us.

We're always looking to improve the application, so if you have suggestions for new features,
don't hesitate to reach out to us at `insights@fairwinds.com`.

#### Email alerts
When you add a user to your organization, they'll get an email letting them know.

## 0.4.0
#### Workload Reports
We've started gathering metadata on all the workloads running in your cluster,
and surfacing this information in the UI. More to come here.

#### Container Scanning
Container scanning is quickly becoming a must-have capability for any DevOps team running Kubernetes.

Fairwinds Insights now supports vulnerabilities generated by Trivy,
an open source container scanning tool. Vulnerability data reported by Trivy can be
ingested by Fairwinds Insights and will appear in your Action Items list.

Currently this only works for public images, but support for private images is on the way.

#### Manual Resolution of Action Items
Action Items can now be marked as `will not fix` or `working as intended`.
These items won't show up on the default view, but can still be seen
by changing the filters on the Action Items table.

Items can be marked individually, or in bulk.

#### Deletion
You can delete clusters and organizations now

#### Goldilocks Update
We've made Goldilocks installs a bit more stable and repeatable.

## 0.3.0
#### Action Items Pagination
The action items page will now show only 100 items at a time

#### Reports Tab
See a list of available reports, and see the latest data available from each report type.

#### Bug fixes
A few minor bugs were squashed related to:
* email validation
* agent version checking
* updating org memberships

#### Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
We've updated our terms of use and privacy policy

## 0.2.0 - Beta Release

#### Fairwinds Goldilocks now available by default
Fairwinds Goldilocks helps engineers set the resource requests and limits for their Kubernetes deployments. Recommendations from Goldilocks will now appear in the Action Items pane.

#### Aqua Kube-hunter now available by default
Aqua Kube-hunter is an excellent tool for identifying weaknesses in Kubernetes clusters. The tool is included as part of the agent installation, and defaults to running in passive mode.

#### Navigation Enhancements
An updated navigation UI has been implemented to help users find information faster. One notable change is on the Cluster details screen, which provides quick access to Action Items under the security, reliability, and efficiency categories.

#### Multi-cluster Action Items
Prioritizing Action Items across a multi-cluster environment is a core goal of Fairwinds Insights. Now, when you click on an Organization, you will be able to select an Action Items tab to view findings across all of your clusters running the Fairwinds Insights agent.

#### Action Items API
The Action Items API enables users to publish additional findings from your own audit tools, or third-party audit tools you use.

#### Findings Source Field
A new column has been added to the Action Items screen so you can see the particular source of a finding.
